	1. Open image
	2. Find quality flag file and x and y index files (files with indices referring to quality flag for each pixel, used instead of georeferencing quality flags)
	3. Prepare cloud mask from quality file
	4. Prepare additional cloud mask basing on thresholding
        Assumption is made that histogram of LST in an image forms normal distribution. 
        Gauss curve is fitted on LST histogram, and cloud threshold is calculated (mu - 1.5sigma)
        Pixels below the threshold are assumed to be clouds and are used to prepare an additional mask
	5. Prepare bounding box mask, so that edges related to the bounding box are removed
	6. Original target cloud mask is dilated 9x9 pixels, to remove all edges
	7. Find according monthly reference mask
	8. Open water and cloud reference masks
	9. Reproject water and cloud reference masks to match target image
	10. Reference cloud mask is dilated by 9x9 pixels
	11. Calculate edge image from reference water mask and dilate it by Swiss flag kernel
	12. Mask the reference edge image with
		a. Calculated target cloud mask (the one based on thresholding)
		b. Original dilated target cloud mask
		c. Reference dilated cloud mask
		d. target dilated bounding box mask
	13. Automatically label water bodies in original reference image
	14. Drop all water bodies below 50 pixels
	15. Normalize target image for Canny edge (requires 8bit) with 1st and 99th percentile
	16. Blur target image
	17. Derive target edge image with Canny edge
	18. Dilate derived target edges by Swiss flag
	19. Mask the target edge image with
		a. Calculated target cloud mask (the one based on thresholding)
		b. Original dilated target cloud mask
		c. Reference dilated cloud mask
		d. target dilated bounding box
	20. Define test window size to look for matches
	21. For each label:
		a. Find reference edge image fragment containing the water body with the given label
		b. If number of edge pixels in reference water body is lower than 10, continue
		c. For each position in defined test window:
			i. Ignore if tested position lays outside of the image
			ii. Take target edge image fragment to test,
			iii. Test1: Subtract reference and target from each other
				1) Calculate the summed absolute difference between reference and target for given position
			iv. Test2: Sum reference and target edges
				1) If no matches (value 2) found whatsoever, go to the next lake
				2) Calculate the number of "2"s for given position
		d. Test1: find where the summed absolute difference between ref and tar is the lowest
		e. Test2: find where the number of "2"s is the highest
		f. Check if there was any overlap whatsoever
		g. If correct position given by both tests differs by more than 10 pixels, ignore this water body
		h. The correct matched position is given by Test2 (sum based)
		i. Calculate values for filtering:
			i. Validity: number of matching pixels divided by number of all water body pixels in reference edge image
			ii. Importance:
				1) +1 if water body has more than 60 matching pixels
				2) +1 if water body has more than 200 matching pixels
				3) If water body has more than 100 pixels (at all in reference edge image):
					a) +1 if matching pixels are located in two or three quadrants 
					b) +2 if matching pixels are located in four quadrants
		j. If validity is greater than 0.15 and importance is greater than 2 a key point is derived
	22. If less than 2 key points are found, the image is left uncorrected
	23. If exactly 2 key points are found, transformation parameters are fitted only on these two key points
	24. Calculate all possible non-repetitive combinations of 2 key points
		a. Fit transformation parameters for each combination
		b. Transform all the possible target key points with fitted parameters
		c. Calculate Euclidean distance between reference key points and transformed key points
	25. Key points, which exceed 3 pixels Euclidean distance in over 80% combinations are removed
	26. If there are less than 2 key points left, the image is left uncorrected
	27. Transformation parameters are fitted with the remaining key points
	28. Remaining target key points are transformed with the fitted transformation parameters
	29. Euclidean distance between reference key points and transformed target key points is calculated
	30. If Euclidean distance exceeds 3 pixels, the key point is removed
	31. Final transformation parameters are fitted with the remaining key points
    32. Image is resampled with the fitted transformation parameters.